README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

feat/fetch: displayed nfts and code refactor

README.md, after:

 # NFT-List-Bid

This project allows users to bid for their favorite arts from different collections. It uses the Rarible API to fetch a list of all available NFTs and displays them on a dashboard. Users can then click on an NFT to view more details and place a bid.

## Prerequisites

To run this project, you will need the following:

* Node.js and npm installed
* A Open Sea API key

## Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.
3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory of the project and add your Open Sea API key to it. The `.env.local` file should look like this:

```
NEXT_PUBLIC_OPEN_SEA_KEY=11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111
```

## Usage

To run the project, simply run `npm run dev`. This will start a local development server on port 3000. You can then access the project by visiting `http://localhost:3000` in your browser.

## Code Overview

The project consists of the following files:

* `/app/page.tsx`: This is the main entry point of the project. It imports the necessary modules and sets up the server.
* `Dashboard.tsx`: This component displays the list of all available NFTs.
* `.env`: This file contains the Rarible API key.
